Review App Development Map (#797)
cncf/tag-app-delivery: app-development-map/v1alpha2/index.md

| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Status                          | CNCF Incubating |
| Website                         | [nats.io](https://nats.io) |

> | What challenges make developers adopt/use this project? | Developers can use NATS to exchange and store data securely, accross a combination of clouds, environment,s web and (edge) devices.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| What challenges make developers adopt/use this project? | Developers can use NATS to exchange and store data securely, across a combination of clouds, environments, web, and (edge) devices.  |
```

Reviewer: Added suggestions to fix typo

| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Status                          | CNCF Incubating |
| Website                         | [openfeature.dev](https://openfeature.dev) |

> | What challenges make developers adopt/use this project? | FeatureFlagging is important in the modern age of software development and micro serivces. Typically, this can either be homegrown or code wise done through a vendor lock in. OpenFeature offers away to abstract is, to that Developers can still swap the backend behind.|

Reviewer 2: Feature flags (or feature flagging) ?

Reviewer 3: I'm also def preferring the feature flags. :D

| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Status                          | CNCF Incubating |
| Website                         | [grpc.io](https://grpc.io) |

> | What challenges make developers adopt/use this project? | Developers often face challenges like inconsistent communication protocols, manual serialization/deserialization, and difficulty maintaining cross-language compatibility when using in a microservice environment.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| What challenges make developers adopt/use this project? | Inconsistent communication protocols, manual serialization/deserialization, and difficulty maintaining cross-language compatibility when using in a microservice environment.  |
```
